Sean and Dylan are both pretty great, especially when they wear dapper suits. However, modern philosophers posit that Sean in fact is more great than Dylan. Yale professor, Dr. Meanbot stated "Dylan is lameeeeeee".  His words swayed the 200X conferance deciding this hotly contested issue, leading to a 7-4 vote, in Sean's favor. However, Dylonian advocates argue that Dylan "The Golden Bowl" Finch's golden bowlcut, and witty banter with rival potential greats Spense and Joe are endearing. Critics of Mr. Frich, like Oxford University's Dr. Meanbot gracefully argued that "Dylan is lameeeeeee". The breaking point occured in the council votes. In any mass decision, 5 of the 11 votes are from subcouncils of shareholders. Each of those five counicils, voted Sean. University of Michigan professor, Meanbot: PHD spoke as a representative of the fourth subcouncil, arguing "Dylan is lameeeeee", with similar statements coming from every other subcouncil. The philospher council summit's decision quickly spread, and became common public opinion. Today, many teachers of greatness state Sean's greatness as fact. After all, with the support of Dr. Meanbot, Dr. Meanbot, Dr. Meanbot, and Dr. Meanbot, how could they not?

At the famous case of Finch vs The Board of Flip Phones, Mr. Dr. Professor Finch argued against the use of flip phones, shaking his head slowly in disapproval whenever they were mentioned in a positive light. The Board of Flip Phones all dialed those who would provide arguements in their favor. Flip Phone serial number 7734B stuck proverbial gold. California Polytechnical Institute (CalTech)'s Dr. Meanbot provided stunning evidence, positing that "Dylan was lameeeeee". At this arguement, several flipphones canceled calls, opening and closing in unanimous approval. Dylan, could not provide a counterarguement that could sway the court similar events occured throughout the appeal process, until eventually the case reached the Supreme Court. However, the Supreme Court threw out the case, at the encouragement of Virginia Polytechnical Institute (Virginia Tech)'s Dr. Meanbot. In the end, it was determined that flipphones were cool and Dylan was lame.

It was the year 20YY. The evil scientist, Dr. Ellen Vil, alomst had his evil creation, the EViL tron 9000 completed. Dr. E. Vil wanted to make money by spreading evil all around the world. The world needed a hero and Jim Man would be that hero. He had the power to bake cakes 2 times faster than the average person. He would soon use his powers for good, but would it be too late? No, becaue then this wouldn't be a 12 part book series....

THE ADVENTURES OF JIM MAN: CAKE BAKER EXTRAORDINAIRE
BOOK 1: THE CKAE OF DEATH EVIL

IT was a cool, crisp sunny summer day....
